[Manifest] (Outlook) Note restricted support for Supertip Description (#987)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/manifest/supertip.md

|  Element |  Required  |  Description  |
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
| [Title](#title) | Yes | The text for the supertip. |

> | [Description](#description) | Yes | The description for the supertip.<br>**Note**: For Outlook, only Windows and Mac clients support the **Description** element. |

Reviewer: Since this is in the Description line of the table, you could simplify the note to "Note: (Outlook) Only Windows and Mac clients are supported."

> | [Description](#description) | Yes | The description for the supertip.<br>**Note**: For Outlook, only Windows and Mac clients support the **Description** element. |

Author: ```suggestion
| [Description](#description) | Yes | The description for the supertip.<br>**Note**: (Outlook) Only Windows and Mac clients are supported. |
```
